# Hotel-Management-System-
Our Project on “Hotel Management System” is a web-based application that allows the hotel manager to handle all the hotel activities and enables users to make booking online. This project is a fine thought to make the complex procedure of the Hotel management system to an easy manner which is systematic, modular designed, selective menu-based user display. Although hotels are already having well developed softwares for reservations, we just want to study how this is done. The modular design and constructed system are very much user oriented. Interactive GUI and the ability to manage various hotel bookings, rooms and room services make this system flexible and convenient. We have included SQL for managing databases. The system is not any more tough and does not possess many applications but it will be made by focusing on maintaining records of actions in a computerized system rather than time taking. This project is a software application that can be easily handled by a minimum educated and simple computer knowledge person without any option of error. Two kinds of users can handle the system. 1. Online Users 2. Administrator or Hotel Manager. The Online users are the customers or the staff who can see the news and updates of the Hotel and the Administrator is responsible for updating the Hotel details on computer. Users can also view and book rooms online and ask for various hotel related services. The Administrator is the authorized user who has power to add or edit the updates as well as the Password. The main aim of the entire activity is to automate the process of day to day activities of Hotel like Room activities, Admission of a New Customer, assign a room according to customer’s demand, checkout of a computer and releasing the room and finally compute the bill etc. This software is very useful to the departments for managing their activities.
